Update checkout-sdk-quickstart.md (#847)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/customizing-checkout/checkout-sdk-quickstart.md

The Checkout JS SDK is a JavaScript library of methods for performing actions related to checkout. It includes methods for logging in a customer, adding addresses to the checkout object, and surfacing the shipping and payment methods that a merchant has configured. It’s everything you need to build your own custom checkout page on BigCommerce.

> The [sample checkout app](https://github.com/bigcommerce/checkout-sdk-js-example) we provide, built in React, is a great place to get started if you prefer to develop within a framework. However, the SDK is framework agnostic because we built it with VanillaJS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our [sample checkout React app](https://github.com/bigcommerce/checkout-sdk-js-example) is a great place to get started if you prefer to develop within a framework. However, the SDK is framework agnostic because we built it with VanillaJS. 

```

> This tutorial will walk through the first steps of building a custom checkout directly into the control panel to illustrate this point. At the end of the tutorial, you will have installed the Checkout SDK, created a new JavaScript module for your custom checkout, and console logged the checkout object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial will walk you through the first steps of building a custom checkout directly into the control panel to illustrate this point. At the end of the tutorial, you will have installed the Checkout SDK, created a new JavaScript module for your custom checkout, and console logged the checkout object.

```

The Checkout JS SDK is a JavaScript library of methods for performing actions related to checkout. It includes methods for logging in a customer, adding addresses to the checkout object, and surfacing the shipping and payment methods that a merchant has configured. It’s everything you need to build your own custom checkout page on BigCommerce.

> Our [sample checkout React app](https://github.com/bigcommerce/checkout-sdk-js-example) is a great place to get started if you prefer to develop within a framework. However, the SDK is framework agnostic because we built it with VanillaJS. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our [sample checkout React app](https://github.com/bigcommerce/checkout-sdk-js-example) is a great place to get started if you prefer to develop within a framework. However, the SDK, built with VanillaJS, is framework agnostic.

```

Author: Thank you so much for rewording this last sentence. It reads so much better.
